Wallet : 
Profile to have one Main account and  multiple sub accounts Entitled to various entities.  Each account is linked to wallet. 
Each wallet to have both Cash account and token account. 
Hybrid Wallet to have both Cash Account and Tokens Linked to various entities. 
Default Account opens with Zero values , And initial Values/Expenses is accounted to the account. 
As value is grow the account is also updated for the same , if applicable. else end of lifecycle the value is updated.  
Value growth is computed through smart contract , Integrated with Lifecycle management. 
Both expense and New Estimated value is computed using the Lifecycle Management. 
Once the entity is closed, related account is also closed. Grace period for any pending transactions. 
Wallet token and Cash balance needs to be cleared before closing the wallet. 

Tokenisation : 
Token is issue on exchange of value with proper value encoding and Expected estimate value. 
Token is issues based on the standardized values or quantities based on the type. 
Token is capable of further slicing into smaller chunks with the parent token reference. 
Inter exchange of Token To Cash is allowed . Cash to Token is allowed on purchase . 
Token to have quality and pricing parameters . 
Token value have depreciation calculation also. 
All tokens linked to Account needs to be closed before closing the wallet. 

Smart contract : 
Proposed value computation. 
Potential growth over time. 
What is the agreed term on sale and dispose. 
Partnership  and distribution between parties. 
Control over event. 
Collaboration with third party and banks. 
Terms during the Exit agreement. 

Consense Mechanism :



Market : 
Target market's size, growth potential, existing trends, customer demand, and competitive landscape.
It helps determine the viability and potential success of a product.


Revenue potential and business viability  : 
Forecasting potential market share and the financial viability of a product. 
 Total Addressable Market (TAM), 
 Serviceable Available Market (SAM),  
 Serviceable Obtainable Market (SOM)
 
 Buyer and user personas:
 Creating detailed profiles of potential customers, including their goals, challenges, and expectations, helps guide feature prioritization and marketing strategies.

Customer pain points and problems:


